<How to execute this application>
:For Mac
1. Double click the file "start.command".
 Mac will block the execution because it looks virus. Then please allow the execution to Mac.

:For Windows
1. Open "Command Prompt" application. It must be pre installed in Windows, so you can find it without any installation.
- Next use following commands on the Command Prompt.
2. CD ShogiGUI_v1.2_for_Windows (You can drag and drop the folder into Command Prompt)
  After you succeeded to move in the folder. Then execute next command.
3. start ./Java17ForWindows/bin/java.exe -jar KifuAnalyzer.jar

<Functionalities>
1. Save and Load a Kifu
 You can put player's name. It's not mandatory but it's better for the later analysis.
 After moving pieces, you can save a kifu by pushing "Save" button. When you mistook an input of move, then you can roll back the kifu from listbox by clicking the place you want to back. After that you can input the correct move.

 Name of Kifu file is automatically defined as serial number. You can load a file by the number. But it is easier to use strategy name or player name. After click your name or strategy in the listbox, the you can find the kifu list on the left listbox. After selecting the kifu, you can load a kifu by pushing "Load" button.

2. Define New Strategy with Name
 This application has already data of strategy. But when you want to add new strategy, then you can define it. At first you need to move pieces until the new strategy is fixed. Then you need to put a name of strategy and save the strategy by pushing "strategy" button.
 After saving a new strategy, when you move pieces to same position which you defined, then the application automatically find the strategy name and input it into strategy text box.

3. Search a Kifu by Strategy Name and Player Name
 You can easily search specific kifu by strategy name and player name. You can see strategy name list and player name list in the listbox. At first you need to click the strategy name and player name in the listbox. Then you can find the kifu list in the left listbox. After that you need to click the specific kifu in the list. Then you can load the kifu by pushing "Load" button.

4. Add Player Image
 When you want to add new player image into this application, you need to prepare the image file and put the same name of kifu, like "Taku.jpg". After that you need to put the file into img folder. Then you can see the new player Image when you loaded a kifu of the player.

<Included Folders>
- img: Including images of player, koma, castle. If you want to add new player, you can add image files with same name of player.
- kifu: Including Kifu Data. If you don't need pre installed Kifu, then you can remove all.
- sound: Including a sound of Koma after moved. You don't need to touch.
- strategy: Including strategy date. If you don't need pre installed strategies, then you can remove all;
- Java17ForMac or Java17ForWindows: Including java execution files. You don't need to touch.